[Music]
yes we're going there uh be is going to
meet his grandma today she's coming over
uh we're meeting outside at a play
center because Mar is sick so because
this guy was sick and then luckily I was
spared somehow but yeah looking forward
to meet you Grandma it's been so long
it's a dog yes it's a dog
so much to point at that's a bus can you
say
[Music]
bus Dan hello
[Laughter]
[Music]
present from far
more
yeah
[Music]
say we got Mama flowers he picked them
just for for
[Music]
Mama so I asked my mom if she could
bring back some DVDs in Swedish for be
so he can watch Swedish stuff as well
and she was like well no one watches
DVDs here anymore
but she managed to secure the
bag so typical my mom to really overdo
it but this is perfect we have so many
Swedish people will know bum of course
oh bumy tooll school
again yes
[Music]
thank you for pointing at the train for
us be
VN insisted that we stop and smell the
flowers you're going to fall over Budd
what are you
doing yes it's a flower a
bloa it's a
bloa
yeah is it what grandma taught you to
smell the flowers
oh F
you
yes you think I'll win it on first
try that didn't sound
good we didn't even start
yet you went farther
[Music]
away oh no oh no what happened
a she's
obsessed we're not going to be able to
eat
anymore B's going to
starve she won't stop M we have to
go it's not happening not even close
come
[Music]
on Bo
did you eat all on your own 100%
accuracy
huh oh don't use your hands now do you
even take a bath what is that face
imagine this totally plausible scenario
you're sitting watching internet minding
your own business looking up how to make
the most perfect meatballs even though
you don't eat meatballs cuz you're epic
pescatarian but little do you know are
watching all right yes give me that
sweet sweet
data give me that search history wait a
minute he's just watching Minecraft
villager singing H for 10 hours
compilation that's right if you don't
use nordvpn you might as well run around
the streets naked showing everyone a
picture of your peee and let me tell you
no one wants to see that not even the
hackers which is why you need Nord vpa
explosion encryption explosion security
make making you digitally
invisible Next Level encryption Nord bpn
believes your data is your data they
don't even know what it is you're an
internet service provider hackers even
that one guy that leans over looking at
your screen they don't know with nor VPN
no one knows if you're traveling boom
nor VPN let's connect to over 60
countries meaning your favorite shows
comes with you no matter where you go
want to be in Japan want to be in Sweden
combine the best world be everywhere we
with nordvpn that's how VPN that's how
they work but
the nordvpn is better do yourself a
favor and check out nordvpn.com
PewDiePie with my link you will get the
best deal available with bonus and four
month for free that's if you use my link
you get the best offer and if you don't
like it for whatever reason it's 30-day
money back guarantee I've been using it
privately for years I'm a huge fan I
highly recommend it stay safe on the
internet and unlock the internet to full
potential you got to have
it I should uh probably explain what's
been going on I think it's I haven't
filmed much because Bean's been super
sick he's got an infection I don't
remember what it was called but it hit
him really hard and it's been very
intense for us I think I titled a video
like this month has been hard or
something but like this is so much worse
he's better now I think that's all that
matters but we were at the emergency
twice his fever went up to
42 doctors seem to think that's like not
a big deal here and uh yeah this just
been difficult to navigate but yeah he's
good now everyone's happy we're happy
that you're doing
better it's a bird yes you tost the
lid
Wow have what's
sit you want to touch the
food oh you want to eat the with the
sticks like Daddy wow you already know
how to do
it
sauce oh
she oh my gosh can
I I think it would
actually that's cheating
you're where's V I don't know you don't
know where V is J he was here a second
ago I swear he was right
there J J come out this is not a
game wait a
[Music]
minute why you whisk so well look how
proud he is I remember when I was a kid
my dad could whisk really well and I was
Al so jealous I was like one day I'll
learn how to whisk like my dad and you
never
did and neither will burn cuz I'm taking
it away
and
for Mama's
sparking he understands she's
[Music]
coming I wanted to see if you recognize
her I'm meeting up with my Shir now was
we
be look who it is being
okay okay Vian come find me come find me
[Music]
vi they'll never find
me he thought I was going to be over
there
[Music]
he's you B
me okay Mama go hide
let's go find Mama where's
[Music]
[Applause]
Mama is that a Valentine's Day
gift it's too heavy for you what is this
mommy did you make this no way
that's so
cute forget about it B it's mine you
can't have everything well now you
definitely can't look I made this for
mine is he that her favorite children's
book it's delicious thank you I love it
can't believe you made so
many beautiful he's blowing on
them yeah you can't eat
that handmade chocolate e B you got to
get yourself a girl that make you
handmade chocolate one day I tell you
that
[Music]
much be is having the best time just
being in a store now it's so
[Music]
cute Happy Valentine's Day we're going
on a Valentine's Day uh really nice day
so far we haven't really vlogged but
we're going out to a restaurant we're
going to have a good time we don't have
any be even though be's been so lovely
new car by the
way and Mar got me this sweater in case
it wasn't
obvious what and Mar looks
beautiful mamaia I say
mamaia there she is Statue of Liberty so
beautiful the real
one the view in O is always so pretty
that's why I chose a restaurant here
cozy
yeah I got the tuna belly this one it
comes much as my main it's better
good oh man I want more of this
I should only get this oh my
God St
wand Johnny
Depp
[Music]
erosu Lady
Gaga my
God that's a hat where a thong that you
share with people oh my God it
[Music]
is that really cute you should put them
on beautiful there we go okay that's a
good one
beautiful I look I look like I I'm
forcing myself on that one that one's
good I like that one that's so cute I
was laughing cuz there were people
coming in as soon as we did that one one
yes perfect Valentine's Day
[Music]
memory where's
we're on our way to
Kiza they have a he's so excited they
have a dog run here which is quite rare
has five
dogs he's so
excited that's munchie be who's your be
who's your
F be who's your favorite
dog yeah M that's
M what are you doing B are you driving
yourself mom to the resy what do you
want to get be we arrived took 4 hours
getting some grocery
setting up the dogs and then we should
just rest
[Music]
tonight
wow
[Music]
Mama it's so nice for the dogs to be
outside without a leash it's nice to
Escape Tokyo sometimes and just have
space and
privacy oh my
[Music]
God right
you going shopping
me who's going to pay for all of those
we're putting it back
now good yeah put it all
back what are you trying to say be
okay can you smell the
flower can you
smell ah smells so
good did you kiss the flower
[Music]
damn he's found a wizard staff damn
that's so
sick whoa you can do that too
dang
whoa happy birthday happy birthday yeah
he gets to ride at the front because
it's his birthday losers in the back
special treat for the birthday boy 15
[Music]
years he looks so
cute wow you sucked
it okay today Mar is taking me somewhere
I don't know where surprise
we're going to this hotel for an
exhibition you said it a Mara style
activity I don't know what that means I
either it's like artsy or it's really
cutesy I'm guessing artsy based on the
look of the
hotel what an elevator
[Applause]
oh it's so far in
the rooms are half the exhibition it's
incredible look at
this that's carved in wood just the
building itself is so
amazing it's really cool to see it's a
fun way to experience an exhibition yay
we got the C
man this is
amazing there we
go 99 kind of false advertising 100 all
right we're going
through
oh what is it
[Music]
it's February and it's so hot ah
beautiful
megaa the plums have started to bloom so
we're going to check that out actually
now we always miss the plum blooming
they come first so not
today
[Music]
wow that's
amazing I can't believe how early in
February they're still not fully Bloom
but it's really
[Music]
pretty
beautiful wow it keeps
going wow
says you can see my Fuji for
me I think over there
[Music]
somewhere oh there
yes so it's called um matui so Plum
Festival I really hope they have a plum
drink cuz it's like the best
flavor freed noodles
FR
chicken never seen so many plum trees
this is really lovely the smell is so
nice I love Plum very
[Music]
underrated you can stop drinking as some
point there we go no no there it is you
were doing so
well you didn't see me but here I
[Laughter]
am oh the joy of
Ikea excited to be in Ika
[Music]
so
excited yeah is there a problem here
sir what is
it 1 of March it's not super sunny but
it feels really warm and springy like
spring has definitely come just waiting
for the Sakura which probably will be
another month at least but that's
[Music]
lovely
M you want to smell
[Music]
it so
amazing they gave us some vegetables
from their Garden
come D he's fast
now
[Music]
dangerous
hello oh
[Music]
uh wanted to update you guys a little
bit I talked about this before but I
thing that I've really struggled with
for the past year is the decision on
what we should do uh with staying in
Japan or uh moving back to Europe I
think especially now that we have bej I
kind of have to think about what's
better for uh everyone and uh in many
ways uh Japan makes no sense because
we're so far away from family we are far
away from friends that we miss back home
and uh it's just made it very difficult
because we we love living in Japan so
much I we didn't know what it was going
to be like before coming here just
trying to come up with a decision that's
been so difficult but we finally decided
and we decided that we're staying don't
know how long but for the future and I'm
just so happy that we finally made this
Choice it feels uh so liberating I don't
know how to explain the fact that like
it's just been in my head for so long
that I'm I'm just so excited and it just
feels right as well this is where we
love to be uh I think it will be great
for be for the time being as well
everyone jokes that he will have to
learn four languages but I guess that is
true now for sure obviously it's not
going to be forever but you can't really
plan for that long anyway and Japan has
just has been so good to us and uh we we
don't feel ready to leave it yet cuz we
really really love it here and I think
it shows in the Vlogs too it's just
endless of things to explore here and we
love every day day to day even when we
don't do stuff so also big thanks to
everyone for supporting the Vlogs I'm
about to
cough looks like I'm about to cry but I
just my throat hurts I should go with it
I'm crying so thank you guys for
watching and uh yeah just want to let
you guys
know we've been traveling a lot in this
Vlog and the one thing that I always use
when I travel is s s has made my life
while traveling 10 times better while
you guys and me and myself in the past
would wait in line going through the
hassle of renting a Wi-Fi box having to
carry an extra thing when you're
traveling worrying if it's charged or
not going through swapping out Sims
worrying about losing your original Sim
all this stuff should not be a thing and
thanks to S it's no more s is an eim
that works in over 180 countries and the
best part is you can sign up before you
even travel pick how much data you want
to use and then don't have to worry
about it as soon as you land it connects
and you're done so while people are
waiting in line to do all this extra
stuff that you don't want to do when
you're tired after traveling I don't
know what to think about it it's the
best why is this not been a thing
already you need internet when you
travel more than ever I told myself in
the past for in other trips where I'm
like I'll just connect to Wii I'll find
free Wi-Fi and then it just becomes like
such a huge hazle that's never worth it
so thank you s for being an amazing
product that I love to sponsor and I'm
also extra happy to be sponsored because
I can hook you guys up with my discount
code PewDiePie you get 15% off so make
sure you use that as well for the best
pricing with this QR code I highly
recommend it if it doesn't work for
whatever you get your money return so
it's risk-free check it out thank you
saley
e
e e